#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/dev.txt requirements.in requirements/dev.in requirements/docs.in requirements/lint.in requirements/setup.in requirements/site.in requirements/test.in
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.in
    #   sphinx
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argcomplete==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
babel==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-intl
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   nbconvert
    #   readme-renderer
build==0.9.0
    # via
    #   check-manifest
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyroma
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via tox
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   -r requirements/setup.in
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.1.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
check-manifest==0.49
    # via -r requirements/lint.in
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   sphinx-intl
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   tox
    #   zest-releaser
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
coverage==7.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
cryptography==38.0.4
    # via secretstorage
cython==0.29.32
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
debugpy==1.6.4
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   pyroma
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restview
    #   sphinx
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
exceptiongroup==1.1.0
    # via pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.9.0
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flake8==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/lint.in
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==5.2.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.19.4
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.7.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.4
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jaraco-classes==3.2.3
    # via keyring
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   sphinx
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
jupyter-client==7.4.8
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.4
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.1.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.5.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.0.6
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
keyring==23.13.1
    # via twine
ktug-hanyang-pua==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
more-itertools==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   jaraco-classes
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.7
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
packaging==22.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   qtpy
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parsec==3.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   ktug-hanyang-pua
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pep517==0.13.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pyroma
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pip-tools==6.12.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pkginfo==1.9.2
    # via twine
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   pyroma
    #   qtconsole
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restview
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyproject-api==1.2.1
    # via tox
pyroma==4.1
    # via -r requirements/lint.in
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2022.7
    # via babel
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.0
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.0
    # via qtconsole
readme-renderer==37.3
    # via
    #   restview
    #   twine
repoze-sphinx-autointerface==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.in
    #   pyroma
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
    #   zest-releaser
requests-toolbelt==0.10.1
    # via twine
restview==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via jsonschema
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via jsonschema
rich==13.0.0
    # via twine
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   more-itertools
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.in
    #   repoze-sphinx-autointerface
    #   sphinx-argparse
    #   sphinx-intl
sphinx-argparse==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinx-intl==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   check-manifest
    #   pep517
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tox==4.1.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
traitlets==5.8.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
trove-classifiers==2022.12.22
    # via pyroma
twine==4.0.2
    # via zest-releaser
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   requests
    #   twine
virtualenv==20.17.1
    # via tox
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.38.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyroma
    #   zc-buildout
widgetsnbextension==4.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
zc-buildout==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
zest-releaser==7.2.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
zipp==3.11.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zope-interface==5.5.2
    # via repoze-sphinx-autointerface

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
